Removed the NavMesh rebake step for getting started (#758)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: docs/content/get-started/set-up.md

# Get started: 1 - Set up

> There are four parts to this step: 

Reviewer: I love how the PR title is "Remove step" and yet we've ended up incrementing this 😂

Author: Part, Jamie, part. Not a step. Obvs very different.

* Sign up for a SpatialOS account (or make sure you are logged in)
* Set up your machine
* Get the GDK and the FPS Starter Project source code
* Open the FPS Starter Project in your Unity Editor

> (This step is the longest of the 6 steps - the others are much quicker.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(This step is the longest of the 5 steps - the others are much quicker.)
```

> (This step is the longest of the 6 steps - the others are much quicker.)

Reviewer 2: But now there are only 5 steps, and there are only 4 steps on this page? Which steps are we talking about? 
```suggestion
Note: Set up is the longest part of this get started guide. The other parts of this guide are much quicker
```
Or something? I'm not sure I like this line at all if I'm being honest.

Author: Good catch. See this and rejigging slightly.
(Reason for it is: Getting starting with the GDK is marketed as quick and simple...but the first thing you hit is this whopper of a step which is potentially off-putting. From memory, we popped in the NavMesh step temporarily.)

> (This step is the longest of the 6 steps - the others are much quicker.)

Author: ```suggestion
(This page is the longest of the get started guide - the others are much quicker.)
```

> (This step is the longest of the 6 steps - the others are much quicker.)

Author: ```suggestion
(This page is the longest of the Get started guide - the others are much quicker.)
```

Reviewer 2: lgtm
